UNIT FILE                                               STATE           VENDOR PRESET
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount                       static          enabled
-.mount                                                 generated       enabled
dev-hugepages.mount                                     static          enabled
dev-mqueue.mount                                        static          enabled
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                                      static          enabled
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                           disabled        enabled
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                                    static          enabled
snap-core18-2074.mount                                  enabled         enabled
snap-core18-2128.mount                                  enabled         enabled
snap-core20-1081.mount                                  enabled         enabled
snap-hotsos-304.mount                                   enabled         enabled
snap-hotsos-305.mount                                   enabled         enabled
snap-lxd-21039.mount                                    enabled         enabled
snap-lxd-21260.mount                                    enabled         enabled
snap-snapd-12398.mount                                  enabled         enabled
snap-snapd-12704.mount                                  enabled         enabled
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                           static          enabled
sys-kernel-config.mount                                 static          enabled
sys-kernel-debug.mount                                  static          enabled
sys-kernel-tracing.mount                                static          enabled
var-lib-machines.mount                                  static          enabled
var-lib-nova-instances.mount                            generated       enabled
apport-autoreport.path                                  enabled         enabled
systemd-ask-password-console.path                       static          enabled
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path                      static          enabled
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                          static          enabled
machine-qemu\x2d3\x2dinstance\x2d00000008.scope         transient       enabled
machine-qemu\x2d4\x2dinstance\x2d0000000b.scope         transient       enabled
session-186.scope                                       transient       enabled
snap.lxd.lxd.81ed5a89-bd08-4cb1-b1eb-de37109c1a0e.scope transient       enabled
accounts-daemon.service                                 enabled         enabled
apparmor.service                                        enabled         enabled
apport-autoreport.service                               static          enabled
apport-forward@.service                                 static          enabled
apport.service                                          generated       enabled
apt-daily-upgrade.service                               static          enabled
apt-daily.service                                       static          enabled
atd.service                                             enabled         enabled
auth-rpcgss-module.service                              static          enabled
autovt@.service                                         enabled         enabled
blk-availability.service                                enabled         enabled
bolt.service                                            static          enabled
ceph-crash.service                                      enabled         enabled
ceph-mds@.service                                       disabled        enabled
ceph-mgr@.service                                       disabled        enabled
ceph-mon.service                                        disabled        enabled
ceph-mon@.service                                       disabled        enabled
ceph-osd@.service                                       indirect        enabled
ceph-radosgw@.service                                   disabled        enabled
ceph-volume@.service                                    indirect        enabled
clean-mount-point@.service                              static          enabled
cloud-config.service                                    enabled         enabled
cloud-final.service                                     enabled         enabled
cloud-init-local.service                                enabled         enabled
cloud-init.service                                      enabled         enabled
console-getty.service                                   disabled        disabled
console-setup.service                                   enabled         enabled
container-getty@.service                                static          enabled
cron.service                                            enabled         enabled
cryptdisks-early.service                                masked          enabled
cryptdisks.service                                      masked          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service                  static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service                    static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service                    static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service                     static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service                   static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service                  static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service                   enabled         enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service                   enabled         enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service                  static          enabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service                  enabled         enabled
dbus.service                                            static          enabled
debug-shell.service                                     disabled        disabled
dm-event.service                                        static          enabled
dmesg.service                                           enabled         enabled
e2scrub@.service                                        static          enabled
e2scrub_all.service                                     static          enabled
e2scrub_fail@.service                                   static          enabled
e2scrub_reap.service                                    enabled         enabled
emergency.service                                       static          enabled
finalrd.service                                         enabled         enabled
friendly-recovery.service                               static          enabled
fstrim.service                                          static          enabled
fwupd-offline-update.service                            static          enabled
fwupd-refresh.service                                   static          disabled
fwupd.service                                           static          enabled
getty-static.service                                    static          enabled
getty@.service                                          enabled         enabled
grub-common.service                                     generated       enabled
grub-initrd-fallback.service                            enabled         enabled
haproxy.service                                         enabled         enabled
hwclock.service                                         masked          enabled
initrd-cleanup.service                                  static          enabled
initrd-parse-etc.service                                static          enabled
initrd-switch-root.service                              static          enabled
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service                       static          enabled
ipvsadm.service                                         generated       enabled
irqbalance.service                                      enabled         enabled
iscsi.service                                           enabled         enabled
iscsid.service                                          disabled        enabled
jujud-machine-1.service                                 enabled         enabled
keepalived.service                                      enabled         enabled
keyboard-setup.service                                  enabled         enabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                               static          enabled
kmod.service                                            static          enabled
libvirt-guests.service                                  enabled         enabled
libvirtd.service                                        enabled         enabled
logrotate.service                                       static          enabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                                   static          enabled
lvm2-monitor.service                                    enabled         enabled
lvm2-pvscan@.service                                    static          enabled
lvm2.service                                            masked          enabled
lxd-agent-9p.service                                    enabled         enabled
lxd-agent.service                                       enabled         enabled
man-db.service                                          static          enabled
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                            static          enabled
mdadm-last-resort@.service                              static          enabled
mdcheck_continue.service                                static          enabled
mdcheck_start.service                                   static          enabled
mdmon@.service                                          static          enabled
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                               static          enabled
mdmonitor.service                                       static          enabled
modprobe@.service                                       static          enabled
motd-news.service                                       static          enabled
multipath-tools-boot.service                            masked          enabled
multipath-tools.service                                 enabled         enabled
multipathd.service                                      enabled         enabled
netplan-ovs-cleanup.service                             enabled-runtime enabled
networkd-dispatcher.service                             enabled         enabled
neutron-dhcp-agent.service                              enabled         enabled
neutron-l3-agent.service                                enabled         enabled
neutron-metadata-agent.service                          enabled         enabled
neutron-openvswitch-agent.service                       enabled         enabled
neutron-ovs-cleanup.service                             enabled         enabled
nfs-common.service                                      masked          enabled
nfs-config.service                                      static          enabled
nfs-idmapd.service                                      static          enabled
nfs-utils.service                                       static          enabled
nova-api-metadata.service                               masked          enabled
nova-compute.service                                    enabled         enabled
ondemand.service                                        enabled         enabled
open-iscsi.service                                      enabled         enabled
open-vm-tools.service                                   enabled         enabled
openvswitch-switch.service                              enabled         enabled
ovs-record-hostname.service                             enabled         enabled
ovs-vswitchd.service                                    static          enabled
ovsdb-server.service                                    static          enabled
packagekit-offline-update.service                       static          enabled
packagekit.service                                      static          enabled
plymouth-halt.service                                   static          enabled
plymouth-kexec.service                                  static          enabled
plymouth-log.service                                    static          enabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                               static          enabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                              static          enabled
plymouth-quit.service                                   static          enabled
plymouth-read-write.service                             static          enabled
plymouth-reboot.service                                 static          enabled
plymouth-start.service                                  static          enabled
plymouth-switch-root.service                            static          enabled
plymouth.service                                        static          enabled
polkit.service                                          static          enabled
pollinate.service                                       enabled         enabled
portmap.service                                         enabled         enabled
procps.service                                          static          enabled
qemu-kvm.service                                        enabled         enabled
quotaon.service                                         static          enabled
radosgw.service                                         generated       enabled
radvd.service                                           disabled        enabled
rbdmap.service                                          enabled         enabled
rc-local.service                                        static          enabled
rc.service                                              masked          enabled
rcS.service                                             masked          enabled
rescue.service                                          static          enabled
rpc-gssd.service                                        static          enabled
rpc-statd-notify.service                                disabled        enabled
rpc-statd.service                                       disabled        enabled
rpc-svcgssd.service                                     static          enabled
rpcbind.service                                         enabled         enabled
rsync.service                                           enabled         enabled
rsyslog.service                                         enabled         enabled
screen-cleanup.service                                  masked          enabled
secureboot-db.service                                   enabled         enabled
serial-getty@.service                                   disabled        enabled
setvtrgb.service                                        enabled         enabled
smartd.service                                          enabled         enabled
smartmontools.service                                   enabled         enabled
snap.lxd.activate.service                               enabled         enabled
snap.lxd.daemon.service                                 static          enabled
snap.lxd.workaround.service                             transient       enabled
snapd.apparmor.service                                  enabled         enabled
snapd.autoimport.service                                enabled         enabled
snapd.core-fixup.service                                enabled         enabled
snapd.failure.service                                   static          enabled
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service                  enabled         enabled
snapd.seeded.service                                    enabled         enabled
snapd.service                                           enabled         enabled
snapd.snap-repair.service                               static          enabled
snapd.system-shutdown.service                           enabled         enabled
ssh.service                                             enabled         enabled
ssh@.service                                            static          enabled
sshd.service                                            enabled         enabled
sudo.service                                            masked          enabled
syslog.service                                          enabled         enabled
system-update-cleanup.service                           static          enabled
systemd-ask-password-console.service                    static          enabled
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service                   static          enabled
systemd-ask-password-wall.service                       static          enabled
systemd-backlight@.service                              static          enabled
systemd-binfmt.service                                  static          enabled
systemd-bless-boot.service                              static          enabled
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service                  disabled        enabled
systemd-boot-system-token.service                       static          enabled
systemd-exit.service                                    static          enabled
systemd-fsck-root.service                               static          enabled
systemd-fsck@.service                                   static          enabled
systemd-fsckd.service                                   static          enabled
systemd-halt.service                                    static          enabled
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service                       static          enabled
systemd-hibernate.service                               static          enabled
systemd-hostnamed.service                               static          enabled
systemd-hwdb-update.service                             static          enabled
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                            static          enabled
systemd-importd.service                                 static          enabled
systemd-initctl.service                                 static          enabled
systemd-journal-flush.service                           static          enabled
systemd-journald.service                                static          enabled
systemd-journald@.service                               static          enabled
systemd-kexec.service                                   static          enabled
systemd-localed.service                                 static          enabled
systemd-logind.service                                  static          enabled
systemd-machine-id-commit.service                       static          enabled
systemd-machined.service                                static          enabled
systemd-modules-load.service                            static          enabled
systemd-network-generator.service                       disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                    enabled         enabled
systemd-networkd.service                                enabled         enabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                                 disabled        enabled
systemd-portabled.service                               static          enabled
systemd-poweroff.service                                static          enabled
systemd-pstore.service                                  enabled         enabled
systemd-quotacheck.service                              static          enabled
systemd-random-seed.service                             static          enabled
systemd-reboot.service                                  static          enabled
systemd-remount-fs.service                              enabled-runtime enabled
systemd-resolved.service                                enabled         enabled
systemd-rfkill.service                                  static          enabled
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service                  static          enabled
systemd-suspend.service                                 static          enabled
systemd-sysctl.service                                  static          enabled
systemd-sysusers.service                                static          enabled
systemd-time-wait-sync.service                          disabled        enabled
systemd-timedated.service                               static          enabled
systemd-timesyncd.service                               enabled         enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                          static          enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service                      static          enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                          static          enabled
systemd-udev-settle.service                             static          enabled
systemd-udev-trigger.service                            static          enabled
systemd-udevd.service                                   static          enabled
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service                    static          enabled
systemd-update-utmp.service                             static          enabled
systemd-user-sessions.service                           static          enabled
systemd-volatile-root.service                           static          enabled
thermald.service                                        enabled         enabled
ua-messaging.service                                    static          enabled
ua-reboot-cmds.service                                  enabled         enabled
ubuntu-fan.service                                      enabled         enabled
udev.service                                            static          enabled
udisks2.service                                         enabled         enabled
ufw.service                                             enabled         enabled
unattended-upgrades.service                             enabled         enabled
upower.service                                          disabled        enabled
usbmuxd.service                                         static          enabled
user-runtime-dir@.service                               static          enabled
user@.service                                           static          enabled
uuidd.service                                           indirect        enabled
vaultlocker-decrypt@.service                            indirect        enabled
vgauth.service                                          enabled         enabled
virtlockd.service                                       indirect        enabled
virtlogd.service                                        indirect        enabled
vmtoolsd.service                                        enabled         enabled
x11-common.service                                      masked          enabled
xfs_scrub@.service                                      static          enabled
xfs_scrub_all.service                                   static          enabled
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                                 static          enabled
machine.slice                                           static          enabled
system-systemd\x2dcryptsetup.slice                      static          enabled
user.slice                                              static          enabled
apport-forward.socket                                   enabled         enabled
dbus.socket                                             static          enabled
dm-event.socket                                         enabled         enabled
iscsid.socket                                           enabled         enabled
libvirtd-admin.socket                                   enabled         enabled
libvirtd-ro.socket                                      enabled         enabled
libvirtd-tcp.socket                                     disabled        enabled
libvirtd-tls.socket                                     disabled        enabled
libvirtd.socket                                         enabled         enabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                                    enabled         enabled
multipathd.socket                                       enabled         enabled
rpcbind.socket                                          enabled         enabled
snap.lxd.daemon.unix.socket                             enabled         enabled
snapd.socket                                            enabled         enabled
ssh.socket                                              disabled        enabled
syslog.socket                                           static          disabled
systemd-fsckd.socket                                    static          enabled
systemd-initctl.socket                                  static          enabled
systemd-journald-audit.socket                           static          enabled
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket                         static          enabled
systemd-journald-varlink@.socket                        static          enabled
systemd-journald.socket                                 static          enabled
systemd-journald@.socket                                static          enabled
systemd-networkd.socket                                 enabled         enabled
systemd-rfkill.socket                                   static          enabled
systemd-udevd-control.socket                            static          enabled
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                             static          enabled
uuidd.socket                                            enabled         enabled
virtlockd-admin.socket                                  enabled         enabled
virtlockd.socket                                        enabled         enabled
virtlogd-admin.socket                                   enabled         enabled
virtlogd.socket                                         enabled         enabled
swap.img.swap                                           generated       enabled
basic.target                                            static          enabled
blockdev@.target                                        static          enabled
bluetooth.target                                        static          enabled
boot-complete.target                                    static          enabled
ceph-mds.target                                         enabled         enabled
ceph-mgr.target                                         enabled         enabled
ceph-mon.target                                         enabled         enabled
ceph-osd.target                                         enabled         enabled
ceph-radosgw.target                                     enabled         enabled
ceph.target                                             enabled         enabled
cloud-config.target                                     static          enabled
cloud-init.target                                       enabled-runtime enabled
cryptsetup-pre.target                                   static          disabled
cryptsetup.target                                       static          enabled
ctrl-alt-del.target                                     disabled        enabled
default.target                                          static          enabled
emergency.target                                        static          enabled
exit.target                                             disabled        disabled
final.target                                            static          enabled
friendly-recovery.target                                static          enabled
getty-pre.target                                        static          disabled
getty.target                                            static          enabled
graphical.target                                        static          enabled
halt.target                                             disabled        disabled
hibernate.target                                        static          enabled
hybrid-sleep.target                                     static          enabled
initrd-fs.target                                        static          enabled
initrd-root-device.target                               static          enabled
initrd-root-fs.target                                   static          enabled
initrd-switch-root.target                               static          enabled
initrd.target                                           static          enabled
kexec.target                                            disabled        disabled
local-fs-pre.target                                     static          disabled
local-fs.target                                         static          enabled
machines.target                                         enabled         enabled
multi-user.target                                       static          enabled
network-online.target                                   static          enabled
network-pre.target                                      static          disabled
network.target                                          static          disabled
nfs-client.target                                       enabled         enabled
nss-lookup.target                                       static          disabled
nss-user-lookup.target                                  static          disabled
paths.target                                            static          enabled
poweroff.target                                         disabled        disabled
printer.target                                          static          enabled
reboot.target                                           disabled        enabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                                disabled        enabled
remote-fs-pre.target                                    static          disabled
remote-fs.target                                        enabled         enabled
rescue-ssh.target                                       static          enabled
rescue.target                                           static          disabled
rpcbind.target                                          static          disabled
runlevel0.target                                        disabled        enabled
runlevel1.target                                        static          enabled
runlevel2.target                                        static          enabled
runlevel3.target                                        static          enabled
runlevel4.target                                        static          enabled
runlevel5.target                                        static          enabled
runlevel6.target                                        disabled        enabled
shutdown.target                                         static          enabled
sigpwr.target                                           static          enabled
sleep.target                                            static          enabled
slices.target                                           static          enabled
smartcard.target                                        static          enabled
sockets.target                                          static          enabled
sound.target                                            static          enabled
suspend-then-hibernate.target                           static          enabled
suspend.target                                          static          enabled
swap.target                                             static          enabled
sysinit.target                                          static          enabled
system-update-pre.target                                static          enabled
system-update.target                                    static          enabled
time-set.target                                         static          disabled
time-sync.target                                        static          disabled
timers.target                                           static          enabled
umount.target                                           static          enabled
virt-guest-shutdown.target                              static          enabled
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                                 enabled         enabled
apt-daily.timer                                         enabled         enabled
e2scrub_all.timer                                       enabled         enabled
fstrim.timer                                            enabled         enabled
fwupd-refresh.timer                                     enabled         enabled
logrotate.timer                                         enabled         enabled
man-db.timer                                            enabled         enabled
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                                static          enabled
mdcheck_continue.timer                                  enabled         enabled
mdcheck_start.timer                                     enabled         enabled
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                                 enabled         enabled
motd-news.timer                                         enabled         enabled
snapd.snap-repair.timer                                 enabled         enabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                            static          enabled
ua-messaging.timer                                      enabled         enabled
xfs_scrub_all.timer                                     disabled        enabled

414 unit files listed.
